---
template: ArtistPost
title: Mr. C
featuredImage: 'https://ucarecdn.com/37948408-e440-4cab-b5ea-d56c5d8b943e/'
upcomingshows: >+
  Fri, 18 Oct 2019 /

  Morgana [free entry]: J.Phlip, Mr.C, RYBO at Avant Gardner, New York /

  Wed, 23 Oct 2019 /

  Dvina Wednesdays: Mr.C at Bar Smith Rooftop, Arizona /

  Sat, 02 Nov 2019 /

  Panic Anniversary with DJ ESP aka Woody Mcbride, Mr. C at TBA - Downtown LA,
  Los Angeles /

  Fri, 08 Nov 2019 /

  Return To Rio 2019 at Del Rio Riverside Resort, Sydney /

  Sat, 07 Dec 2019 /

  Subterrain 24th Anniversary Reunion at TBA - East London, London /

  Sat, 07 Dec 2019 /

  Panic Before Christmas: Sarah Strandberg, Mr. C, Linus, Mojave, Zaya,
  Terrakroma at TBA - Downtown LA, Los Angeles

fblk: 'https://www.facebook.com/mrcsuperfreq'
instalk: 'https://www.instagram.com/mrcsuperfreq'
ralk: 'https://www.residentadvisor.net/dj/mrc'
twitterlk: 'https://twitter.com/mrcsuperfreq'
spotifylk: 'https://open.spotify.com/artist/4zxV1MYZ4GQczvLa0YnshK'
sclk: 'https://soundcloud.com/mrcsuperfreq'
presskit: 'https://drive.google.com/open?id=1Sik5xoW9SUMT_hhoj2KWWWOpiNpGzIJD'
scwidg: >-
  https://w.soundcloud.com/player/?url=https%3A//api.soundcloud.com/playlists/268789281&color=%23ff5500&auto_play=false&hide_related=false&show_comments=true&show_user=true&show_reposts=false&show_teaser=true&visual=true
videowidg: 'https://www.youtube.com/embed/nHwKEEW_Z4A'
spotifywidg: 'https://open.spotify.com/embed/artist/4KKEvADkhfVx3BpYJyezZr'
status: Published
date: 2019-10-17T17:00:03.862Z
---
Richard West aka Mr.C was born in London in the late 60's. He started MCing in London clubs aged 16 & soon earned a reputation as a fast talking vivacious rapper working with LWR radio's Ron Tom, Jasper the Vinyl Junkie & Jazzy M. Mr.C then hooked up with Colin Faver & Evil Eddie Richards to became resident rapper at the legendary Camden Palace in London, going on to MC for Colin Faver on the then illegal pirate radio station Kiss FM. Mr.C went into the studio to record his 1st house track with Eddie Richards as Myster-E which was released in August 1987. This inspired Mr.C to become a DJ to learn more about his beloved House & Techno music so in September 1987 Richard took to the decks. Mr.C has since organized, promoted & been resident DJ at: Fantasy ('88), Base (Dungeons '89), Release (91), Harmony (92), Drop (93), Cyclone (94), Vapourspace (94 & 95), Flavour (The End 95 & 96), Subterrain (The End 95 - 2002), Superfreq (Worldwide 2002 - Present), Super Disco Freq (LA 2010 - present). Mr.C was also resident DJ every weekend (Friday & Saturday nights) at the legendary RIP parties at Clink Street in London throughout 1988. It was here that Rave Culture as we know it was truly born, inspiring all London raves that were to follow in 88, 89 & 90.

Mr.C held down a weekly radio show called Future Music with Kiss 100FM in London from 1993-2002 & has presented TV shows for MTV, FH1, VIVA & BBC. To say that Mr.C is one of the most iconic DJs in the world would be an understatement.

In December 1995 Mr.C opened the legendary nightclub The End in London with Partner Layo Paskin of Layo & Bushwacka! fame & then AKA bar 3 years later, which celebrated its 13th anniversary in December 2008 & was lauded as one of the best night clubs in the world, which completely changed the face of clubbing in London & beyond. Sadly The End & AKA closed its doors for good on January 24th 2009. 1 Chapter closes & another begins.

Mr.C is founder & owner of Plink Plonk records, co-founder of End Recordings & founder & co-owner of the Superfreq label, which is now releasing music prolifically.

Mr.C has recorded under the names, Myster-E, Unity 2, Nu Jacks, Bass Bureau, The Shamen, Mantrac, Somnambulist, Animus Amour, Killer Loop, Mr.C & Tom Parris, Mr.C & 16B, Sycophant Slags, Indigo Kidz & East LA Tek.

Mr.C is best known as front man, songwriter & producer of the pop group The Shamen with whom he notched up a string of top 10 hits including Move Any Mountain, Love Sex Intelligence, Boss Drum, Phorever People & the UK number 1 smash hit Ebeneezer Goode. These hits were hits the world over. The Shamen album Boss Drum went double platinum in the UK & they also won a highly coveted Ivor Novelo for Songwriters of the year UK in 1993. Richard's currently recording solo as Mr.C & is also doing collaborations as the Indigo Kidz with Affie Yusuf & with Noel Jackson as East LA Tek & has recent releases on Poker Flat, Get Physical Records & Adjunct Audio as well as his own Superfreq imprint.

Mr.C runs & promotes Superfreq events, which celebrated being 16 years old in March 2018 & ran monthly at Mr.C's club The End until it closed down in January 2009. Superfreq now functions bi-monthly in London hopping around London’s popup warehouse venues & various clubs including The Steelyard after an extremely successful event with Richie Hawtin on December 2015, regular events at Fabric & regular quarterly events at Red Gallery until it’s closure in July 2018. Superfreq does regular events in Los Angeles as well as bi-monthly events in Calais France & annual events in Brooklyn, Chicago, Detroit, San Francisco, Miami, Dallas, Denver & Washington DC in the United States & also Vancouver, Playa Del Carmen, Mexico DF, Moscow, Ibiza, Bogota, Montañita & other one off / annual events the world over & has recently competed an Asia tour hitting Manila, Phnom Penh, Siem Reap, Kuala Lumpur, Singapore, Beijing & Shenzhen. Superfreq has accomplished 7 successful seasons in Ibiza, 3 at Club Underground, 2 at the legendary DC10, 1 season at Blu, 3 events at Aura & hosted annual events at BPM Festival in Playa Del Carmen until it’s unfortunate closure.

Mr.C completed a world tour for his Incidents album last year, which was released on vinyl & CD on his Superfreq imprint in June 2017 with singles Stand Up, Ripple Effect & Shape Your Dreams all containing superb remixes from renowned artists. Mr.C’s brand new single Show Me with remixes by Ruede Hagelstein & Radio Rental is due shortly.

Mr.C is now procuring the Next Step Forward Festival to be held in various London clubs on 15/16 of September this year. This brand new boutique club festival includes showcases by Superfreq, Class of 88, Spilt Milk, Dirty Laundry, Dodo Club, Breakfast Club & Misfit & includes a line up of 38 acts including Mr.C, Eddie Richards, Bushwacka, Saytek Live, Jay Tripwire, Silverlining, Roel Funcken live, Steven Rutter & many more.

Mr.C is currently celebrating 30 years as a professional DJ with a collection of Mr.C past solo works. This is out now on his Superfreq imprint. This collection is called 30 Years of Mischief & features previously digitally unreleased music from his former labels Pilnk Plonk & End Recordings as well as Wagon Repair & Superfreq. Mr.C is currently doing shows celebrating this milestone with 30th Anniversary events around the globe.

For DJ bookings in the UK, Europe & Asia. Contact Arthur@elitemm.co.uk For the Americas please contact sam@listedbookings.com

You can hear Mr.C’s current DJ mixes on his Soundcloud, check out many of his productions on his youtube channels & find all Superfreq releases on various outlets.
